Add new Terminology documentation (#4383)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/concepts/traffic-matching.md

A Route that specifies a `parentRef` of a Gateway, with a `sectionName` set, the only **relevant** Listener is the one has a `name` field that matches that `sectionName`.
If there are no Listeners that have a matching `name` field, then the set of **relevant** Listeners is empty, and that `parentRef` will be ignored.

Note that there can be other ways that Routes will fail to attach as well - for example, HTTPRoutes can also match Listeners based on Hostname Intersection, which is explained in a separate page.

When it comes to Listeners, however, A Listener has two main ways to restrict what Routes may attach:

* Restrict Route Groups or Kinds (so you can say "only HTTPRoutes", for example. Or you can make your own Route and only allow that).
* Restrict what Namespaces Routes can attach from, with valid ways being "All Namespaces", "Same namespace as the Gateway", or "Namespace Label Selector".

The Route **relevant** Listeners need to match these restrictions for the Route attachment to succeed.

When the attachement _does_ succeed, that Route is counted in the `attachedRoutes` field in the Listener status.

> That field records the total number of successful Route attachements to that specific Listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the attachment _does_ succeed, that Route is counted in the `attachedRoutes` field in the Listener status.
That field records the total number of successful Route attachments to that specific Listener.
```

## Traffic matching

The requirement that traffic flowing through a Gateway must _only_ match a single Listener also applies by extension to Route-based configuration.

In most uses, the way that traffic is matched against the various objects is as follows:

* Traffic flows into an IP address, selecting a Gateway (since only Gateways have addresses).
* On that IP address, the traffic is destined for a port, which selects one or more listeners. If it's more than one, then further information can also be used:
    * `hostname` is used for HTTP, HTTPS, and TLS and their associated Routes
* A single candidate Route is chosen for that traffic to flow through. (In the case of Route _match_ conflicts between Routes, then the oldest Route's match is chosen).

> An important corollary of these requirements is that **if traffic does not match any traffic specified in some Routes, it cannot go back to another Listener that also matches for rerouting**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important corollary of these requirements is that **if traffic does not match any traffic specified in some Routes, it cannot be allowed to choose another Listener that also matches for rerouting**.
```
